new: user can define new functions in user_functions.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/_compile_win.bat _compile_win.bat
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/_compile_linux.sh _compile_linux.sh
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/___RUN__LIMIOPTIC.py ___RUN__LIMIOPTIC.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/___RUN__LIMIOPTIC.bat ___RUN__LIMIOPTIC.bat
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/limioptic.py limioptic.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/importsrc.py importsrc.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/limioptic.cpp limioptic.cpp
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/limioptic.h limioptic.h
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/limioptic.o limioptic.o
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/climioptic.cpp climioptic.cpp
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/climioptic.h climioptic.h
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/climioptic.o climioptic.o
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/ams_spicker.py ams_spicker.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/syntax.py syntax.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/liblimioptic-win.so liblimioptic-win.so
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/libstdc++-6.dll libstdc++-6.dll
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/plotEmittance.py plotEmittance.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/graphics.py graphics.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/setup_helper.py setup_helper.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/setup.py setup.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/helper.py helper.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/build.bat build.bat
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/beamprofile.py beamprofile.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/_update.py _update.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/_Calculator.py _Calculator.py
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/version version
https://raw.github.com/alexander-stolz/limioptic/master/source/LIMIOPTIC/logo.png logo.png
